leading up to the subprime crisis
Canadian real estate seemed rather
unfazed throughout mortgage lending
rules were tightened temporarily and the
Central Bank eased the housing just
continued upward comparing to the US it
seems that Canada is far more expensive
in many ways Paving the way for a crisis
of unavoidable fundamentals you came
here for the truth today we are going to
look at a comparison between can Canada
and the US in some ways here beginning
with the Canada US house prices what you
are seeing here is a chart which is not
the nation as a whole because of course
there are differences many differences
this is showing you various cities and
in the top three we have two of these
cities being Canadian Toronto and
Vancouver the prices have become AST
rical this has been in fact just in the
past couple years they have accelerated
to a degree which has lacked all
reason the difference in the US was that
during the subprime crisis and
everything that followed afterwards the
US got some Breathing Room a much needed
breather
however you could see right here
everything sort sort of takes a dip
downward okay
but there has been a rather ex
acceleration ever since okay everything
is sort of on on the way up here but
when you look at let's say Vancouver for
example let's let's follow this line the
orange line here yes there was a dip
down but it was very temporary and quite
moderate and it has continued upward
ever since
the prices have gone beyond what people
can afford you have a lot of foreign
money coming in and you also have more
important than the foreign money is an
extremely leveraged
scenario and it is in fact worse in this
regard worse than the US that that tells
you what we are headed for and I have
some charts to show you this house
prices to incomes I
mean when you think about this it's
terrible in the US but comparing it to
Canada it's not even close it looks like
a Rosy picture in comparison that's
scary while the central bank has warned
the IMF has warned and pretty much every
supernational entity seems to be warning
about the crisis building in Canada the
mainstream media says no absolutely not
the general consensus in Canada when you
talk to people from Toronto people from
Vancouver they say there's no problem
and you talk to those in the real estate
industry there is no problem and prices
will continue
upward this is not sustainable I mean
look at this here they had a big runup
in the US and that crashed down
significantly and while it has come up
ever since it's still down where it was
many years ago and that's a good thing
so that people can actually save they
can actually put money into something
they believe is a good investment not
just speculation that's a big problem
you don't want people speculating in the
asset that you're
purchasing Ontario mortgage payment as a
percentage of income guess what a lot of
people are taking on a lot more debt and
what they're saying here if you can't
read the small font prices break from
the fundamentals that was years ago it's
gone into ridiculous territory at this
time people in Canada are at the most
amount of debt ever they're in the most
amount of debt in comparison to their
income ever this is not just a
coincidence housing has caused a major
problem it this is the on the primary
residence as well as the speculation in
the real estate industry
then let's compare it to this I this
whole video was based on this one
article the new sticker shock plunging
cell phone bills if you're in Canada
particularly in
Toronto you'll have to do a double take
because in the
US cellular service is rapidly PL
plunging in fact it this is funny to me
because in fact in Canada let's just say
Toronto where I live where I can
definitely say the facts cell phone
prices have increased over the last few
years a
technology which
is not really
advancing to to you know when you think
about it I mean it's yes they say it's
getting faster but the technology I mean
it's a cell phone you have a data plan
you have you can make calls you can make
text messages but let's say in the last
two years the technology really hasn't
gotten much better yet the price has
increased dramatically I mean let's put
it this way the average cell phone
bill is with with a data plan you're
going to pay approximately I would say
about $100
Canadian that's that's
absurd for an average plan and you're
getting with a$
hundred
increasing food Bills going up and
then they have
this well let let's
just let me let me show you this
political cartoon two out of three like
a minimum wage hike I got a raise I got
a raise my boss fired me to pay for
their raise that's what's happening in
Canada right now it's being rolled out
this happened in the US as well big
mistake Ontario to raise minimum wage to
$15 per hour yes that's right over the
next few years Ontario will be
introducing this $15 an hour minimum
wage there's no way that this will not
result in layoffs it's just a simple
matter of fact businesses are not just
going to pay more money to
people they have corporate profits in
mind
so yes some people are going to get more
money other people are going to get
money from the government instead
because they're
unemployed that's the way this
works I don't know what the intention is
in Canada here and I get it you you want
to get voted in later on this is a mess
the longterm and medium-term
here is a big big
problem let's just sort of switch gears
GPS this is in the UK GPS are being
offered bribed to ration drugs for
Elderly Care home
residents a scheme in Oxford Shire is
offering gp's practices cash back for
money saved from drug budgets for the
frail elderly and it goes in basically
trying to save money
the government needs to save money at
all
costs all the while providing less
service they offer you something worse
and they charge you more for it that's
what big government does it gets bigger
and bigger and bigger and the care or in
this case is rationed it goes for the UK
it's the same thing in Canada as
well then you look
at this DHS is starting to scan
Americans faces before they get on
international flights all of the
surveillance that's happening is not to
protect us that's for sure we know that
the surveillance is done domestically
and it is simply
to take away your ability to be free
people
will ultimately realize this I think in
the long term at this time time though
they don't I mean gladly you you pass
through an airport you see people going
through the naked body scanner they have
their hands on their heads they have
their hands out out like they're
criminals and they simply take the
radiation at
will I've always rejected the radiation
scanner of course they make you stand
beside the radiation scanner for a long
period of time and you you you get it
anyway but I'm not going to be a slave
doesn't matter I don't care I'll get the
p down they put their hands practically
inside my body but uh it's just the way
it
is this goes for everywhere people in
Canada people in the US they simply take
what they're given if taxes were going
up they would double and triple people
would just take it they don't seem to
mind nobody's freaking out about the
fact that
fundamentally there's no way out of this
mathematically there has been such an
accumulation of debt whether it's on a
personal level national state Province
whatever it doesn't seem to trigger
anything in people maybe they complain
about it here or there but they go to
their jobs and they do what they're told
it's a nation of sheep what country am I
talking about well just name
it and then we have this I just wanted
to throw this in at the end here major
source countries of new Asylum claims
what do you notice about the top three
countries Syria Afghanistan
Iraq the
intervention there has been such an
intervention in these three countries in
particular and I have a just a very
simple idea if you want to stop seeing
Asylum claims in your country whatever
that country
is how about we stop intervening we stop
dropping bombs we stop
funding real
terrorists to go in and destabilize
these nations and I assure you these
people will not run away of course to a
certain degree but we can go back to
levels let's say of 20 years ago or
something let's stop bombing them that
would be a good idea wouldn't it but of
course that's not going to happen that
is the purpose they want these countries
to to be displaced they want pain and
suffering and they want people to be
really upset well that's exactly what's
occurring here and I for one I'm just
speaking what I believe to be the
truth if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can look through these
books at Amazon they have a look inside
feature check out the first book if
you're interested on the four asset
classes and how to profit from them so
we're talking about real estate precious
metals paper assets and of course
business too I get into that and then in
the new book I take on the familiar
subjects but I also get into becoming
self-sufficient and how to reduce your
monthly expenses so look at that on
Amazon I want to also mention that I'm
on steemit I just got on Reddit as well
I don't know if anybody's on Reddit not
really too familiar with it but I found
a way that I can automatically post all
of my videos to Reddit so every single
video automatically will be on Reddit as
well so if you're on there and prefer
that it will have the YouTube video link
and you can link to it there um you can
get on that like I said I'm not too
familiar with Reddit but I somebody
asked if I would do that and I said look
if I could find an automatic way to get
the videos on there then I will
definitely do that and I did find a way
every single time a YouTube video gets
posted it will be on Reddit as well so
you can just search for the money GPS
that's my name on there and you you'll
see my videos so take care